add more context to readme file (#1)
angieintech/wwc_test: README.md

# Women Who Code - Test repository

> This is a repo test to understand git and github workflow, that was created to the intor to OSS session. 

Author: ```suggestion
This is a repo test to understand git and GitHub workflow, that was created for the intro to OSS session. 
```
